Hola
My name is Fidel Gomez. I happen to have the privilege
of being the campus pastor at Calvary Chapel.
Hollywood
We're going to be doing a recap from the Gospel of Mark.
Chapter 15.
Verses 1 through 41. And here's what I've done.
I've titled this time together
The portrait
Jesus unconditional love for us
It would make sense as we kind of review
What this these verses talk about
His unconditional love man you just you got to see this
These verses that we're going to talk about
I want you to go with me to Mark chapter 15.
beginning in verse 1.
Very early in the morning the chief priest with the elders the teachers of the law
And the whole Sanhedrin
Made their plans.
and they bound Jesus listen to this watch this
They led him away.
And they handed him over to pilot.
"Are you the king of the Jews?" asked Pilate.
You have said so, Jesus replied.
The chief priest accused him of many things so again Pilate asked him.
Aren't you going to answer?
See how many things
They're accusing you of.
But Jesus made no reply.
And Pilot was amazed.
He's arrested
Wait.
What?
If you're one of the disciples that walk with Jesus, this is a shock to you.
This wasn't in your plans.
You didn't plan on Jesus being arrested to you
It seems like a mistake.
You've been following Jesus for three and a half years and you're thinking, wait, no, no, no. See, he's supposed to this, that and the other.
But he's arrested.
It seems chaotic.
But I want you to remember this.
This is a portrait of Jesus' unconditional love for us, and it's seen
That even though it seems chaotic
Jesus is still
In control.
Seems like there's anarchy.
Bedlam.
Confusion.
Disarray.
Disorder
But wait, hold on.
There's a very specific plan.
Being unfolded here
There's no confusion.
Jesus being arrested and being led away
Did you know that this goes all the way back to the book of Genesis chapter 3 verse 15?
where
God the Father speaking to none other than Satan himself in what is known in theological circles as
The proto-evangelium.
First.
Evangelion.
Evangelium.
Gospel message. The first gospel message.
And here's what God the Father said.
to Jesus
You will strike
His heel?
But the Messiah will crush your head.
The plan...
began to unfold back in the book of Genesis. It's the book of Acts chapter 2 verse 23.
where Peter speaking to the crowd says Jesus was handed over to you
By God's deliberate
Plan
And for knowledge
No chaos, no confusion here.
Jesus is being arrested according to the plan
of God.
Jesus himself said in the Gospel of John in chapter 10:
He said, "I laid down my life willingly."
I lay it down on my own accord and guess what else
And I raise it up.
Of my own accord
The Jews were not in charge. The Romans, the Gentiles, were not in charge. There was God the Father leading Jesus through the specific plan.
plan that was foreordained by God. Find comfort in that. Why?
Here's a point for you.
Your life
Your life may seem chaotic,
But Jesus is still in control.
Even today.
Yeah, your life can seem chaotic.
But you're Jesus is in control of your life.
Jesus during this time chose
To surrender to the Father's will
Even though painful.
He prayed, "Father, not my will be done, but your will." He's being arrested and he knew Jesus knew exactly what was coming up ahead.
In John 12:27, he says to his disciples,
My heart is troubled.
But what shall I say, Father, remove me from this hour? No.
This is why I have come. This is the reason I've come to this hour.
Father,,
Glorify yourself. It's Matthew chapter 26.
They've come to arrest him and
Peter pulls out a sword. I don't know what he was doing with the sword to begin with, but he pulls out a sword and he cuts the ear off of a servant named Malchus.
And Jesus says to him, "Peter,
Pedro.
Put that sword away.
And then listen to this
Don't you know?
Peter, that if I wanted to,
I could call down twelve, I could call upon my father and my father could send down twelve
legions of angels
But this is why I have come.
Specific plan my brother my sister
There was no chaos
No confusion
Nobody abruptly broke the plan of Jesus. No, everything was on a time frame.
Everything was according to the foreknowledge and plan of God. God's got it in control.
Jesus
Came to pay a debt
That he did not owe.
Because we owed a debt.
That we could not pay.
In John chapter 16, Jesus said this,
I'm going to tell you these things so that in me
You will have peace.
I want you to listen to that
He's going to tell you a difficult verse, but before he does that, he tells you, "I want you to find peace in me."
Because in this world,
You will have...
Tribulation.
My brother, my sister.
If Jesus can manage
His arrest
His crucifixion
His burial and his resurrection.
He can manage your life.
Be encouraged by this chapter.
Jesus this is a portrait of Jesus unconditional love for us
He could have ran.
But he didn't.
He could have chosen his own will.
But he surrendered to the will of God.
Of the Father.
He chose to surrender to the Father's will even though painful.
So I'm going to pray.
Mmm
And I want you to find encouragement in these verses.
Because the father is in control.
Even when my life
Seems to be.
Include bedlam,
Disarray
And disorder
My God is not the author of confusion.
And our God is going to work everything out.
In conformity
To the purpose
Of his will.
Let me pray.
Father, we lift up this time and as we find ourselves facing some challenging times, we find ourselves
Facing chaotic times, finding ourselves in confusing times.
Help us to reflect back on this area of Scripture
And help us to remember
You're in control.
You hold our life
In the palm of your hands.
And you're a loving father that loves to love his children and we thank you for that
In Jesus name.
Amen.